There are 16 types of Pymon with 7 possible special abilities that any of them can have. That’s 112 possible unique monsters! 

Introversion and Extraversion 

Your attitude towards social interaction determines the type of attacks that your monster uses.

Introverted monsters like to have space between themselves and their opponents, and use ranged attacks. These attacks do slightly less damages, but an extensive range gives them ability to attack to foes from a distance.

Extraverted monsters have close range attacks that inflict slightly more damage. They are stronger, but at the cost of increased vulnerability.

Thinking and Feeling 

All monsters can use both physical and elemental attacks; which your monster is best at depends how you tend to make decisions.

If you are one who relies heavily on reason, so does your monster. Your monster is born with an extensive knowledge of natural relationships, and has a talent for using elemental attacks.

If your choices are often driven by emotion, your monster will have fast reflexes, which are idea for physical combat.Introverted physical attackers have great speed and dexterity that allows them attack quickly from long distances, Extraverted physical attackers excel in martial arts and have an additional boost of strength. 

Sensing and Intuition 

Whether you rely on your senses or your intuition determines the type of damage your monster is resistant to.

Monsters that rely on their senses are good at monitoring their opponents movements and are resistant  to physical attacks.

Monsters that rely on their intuition have strong instincts and are spiritually closer to nature, and are resistant to elemental attacks.

Judging and Perceiving

What you prioritize in your decision making process determines whether your monster is precise or lucky. 

If you're the type to stick to the more reliable and well understood, your monsters attacks are precise. They never miss if they are within range, but have only a 10% chance of landing a critical hit, attack that is x1.5 stronger than normal

If you like to take risks and explore, your monsters movements are unpredictable.They only have a 60% chance of hitting, but in exchange also have 40% chance of being critical, or x1.5 stronger than normal.

Special Abilities

Your monster will aligned with your astrological sign. Each sign grants a different special ability.

Aries and Capricorn

Ability: Big Horn
Your monster has horns. If the opponent uses a physical attack on the opponent, they receive 25% recoil damage. It has small increase in physical attack, but a small decrease in speed and dexterity,


Cancer and Scorpio

Ability: Performance in a Pinch
Near defeat, these monsters can become a major threat. With this ability, your monster will gain the advantages of both a precise and a unpredictable monster; its attacks will always land and have a high critical hit chance,

Aquarius and Virgo:

Ability: Elemental Blessing
Significant elemental attack and resistance bonus

Leo and Taurus 

Ability: Great Courage
If your monster specializes in physical attacks,  physical attacks are 25% stronger, but your monster has 25% less resistance to elemental attacks.

If your monster specializes in elemental attacks, elemental attacks are 25% stronger, but your monster is 25% less resistant to physical attacks.

Gemini and Libra 

Ability: Duality 
25% Chance of attacking twice in one turn.

Sagittarius:

 Ability: Steady Hands
Introverted monsters with this ability get an attack bonus; extraverted monsters with this ability get additional range.

Pisces:

Ability: Fluid
Gains a bonus to both elemental and physical resistance. 
